hi sweetie I think there's something
happening here I just wanted to tell you
that i love you i love you so much even
if I haven't been around i wish i could
see your face again just for a moment
just to hold you and say goodbye tell
Houston Olivia I love them and tell them
that they're that is very very proud of
them okay honey
look at you you nearly got yourself
killed hunting that damn bird did you
come here to lecture me or to see how I
was doing I just wanted to make sure I
wasn't gonna have to break your poor
mother's heart yeah well you did that
long ago dragging me out here
Sean listen to me carefully
I need you to return what you took from
that village everything whatever you
haven't already shipped back to earth I
need you to return do you have any idea
how much that stuff is worth I've got
buyers I don't care we don't even know
if that will change anything it might
and that's enough for me I don't want
any more problems Sean he's caused
enough con he doesn't care about what I
took from his village he cares about
what I did to it and he won't stop until
he has me I saw it I saw in his eyes
listen I'm not ordering you to find him
or hunt him down I'm simply ordering you
to return what you took from his clan
you started this and I need you to
finish it and what if he finishes it
that won't happen
you